To convert pre-alpha sessions to current settings - need to do a couple things
1) Sync the videos. In lab, we usually just run through to recording the videos and the timestamps, and checking the recording diagnostics. We save the syncing portion till after the fact to save time. 
- Once you've downloaded the folder of pre-alpha sessions, run `batch_run_freemocap.py` which is in my `pre-alpha` folder (which I should put on Github). This function batch syncs all the videos for all the pre-alpha sessions
2) Convert the videos from pre-alpha format to our current format. The pre-alpha folder names are all different. Run `convert_pre_alpa_to_1_0.py` (again in that same `pre-alpha` folder). What I like to do (and what the code requires) is to store the pre-alpha data in a folder called `FreeMocap_Data` (spelled that way exactly, because that's what the pre-alpha looks for), and then create, in the same directory level as the `FreeMocap_Data` folder, a folder called `1.0_recordings`. The conversion code looks for the pre-alpha folders, and copies over the synced videos + the unix_synced_timestamps csv into properly labeled/named recordings to actually process with FreeMoCap proper
3) Use the `batch_process.py` in the FreeMoCap `experimental` folder. One thing about this that I need to look at/fix though, is that when you choose the folder path to batch process, you need to go up one level from what's intuitive. If you have a folder containing all the recordings called `this_folder_of_recordings`, you don't give the path to that folder, you give the path to the folder *containing* that folder, (i.e. if that folder is in `this_folder_of_sessions`, give it the path to that session). 